Ah, pivotal moment in my career. I think most people who are chiefs would
say the time that they became a chief the time that they got accepted.
But I would say that it actually came a few years before that
when I when I made first class. Uh, that's the time that I think I've
been in for maybe six years. And I had recently had a bolt in the
road where I didn't get accepted. I missed the first class exam by,
like, 60.1%. Um, uh, yeah, it is very, very close, you know, like anything,
if I would have gotten an award or like maybe one more point
on my evil, anything would have would have bump me up to the to the
next rank. So by that next time actually took a weekend, um, and study
for the exam. It's the first time that I did, and I remember going
through the books, seeing like what you're supposed to study and
like circling things and like on a sheet of paper, you know, like,
um, writing down things that that I needed to memorize. It's kind of
like a nuclear power school. I think I spent, like, eight hours per
day. Um, for those three days. And then by the time I got the the recommendation,
I think I scored in the top 99% of nuclear propulsion
engineers, and I kind of saw you know what? Like the power of self
studying, it actually really does. Guide, um, your progress. And I think
I still hold on to that. I now, based on what I did and the amount
of effort that the the positive result that I saw for myself, I
can now confidently tell my other people Hey, you know, if you study,
you will most likely see success. And I mean that instead of just,
like, maybe, uh, chit chat from other people who maybe haven't studied,
but just kind of say like, Hey, you know what it za right thing
to do. So I have experience with that myself.